TINY-8961: added expand formats to li behaviour (#8057)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

### Improved
- The formatter can now apply a format to a `contenteditable="false"` element by wrapping it. Configurable using the `format_noneditable_selector` option. #TINY-8905
- The autocompleter now supports a multiple character trigger using the new `trigger` configuration #TINY-8887

> - The formatter will now expand some inline formats like color and font size to list bullets/numbers #TINY-8961

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The formatter will now apply some inline formats like color and font size to list item elements when the entire item content is selected #TINY-8961
```

It's hard to explain, but I think this is better? Expanded is how we think of it, but users probably won't.

Author: Yes, I had hard time explaining that in a short log entry. Yours is better so I go with that.
